Prompt: Tell me about your proudest professional achievement.  It can also be a personal or school project. 

One of the proudest achievements of my development career was, in reality, a small victory in the grand 
scheme of things. 

I was working on a project to update and build upon a feature that was effectively a 
proof-of-concept written years ago, which had prematurely been pushed into production at the request of
a customer, and which had never really worked right in the first place. This feature was very much a black
box: the developers didn't really know much about it, QA didn't really know what to do with it, 
and the client facing teams didn't really know much about it outside of undocumented knowledge gained from 
troubleshooting it from the frontend over the years. Working with it was, in short, miserable - and 
everyone avoided it as much as possible.

When I was given this task, I decided that it was finally time that SOMEONE figured out what was going
on with the feature. I worked with my product owner to ensure I had plenty of time for research and 
documentation while reviewing the ticket in our planning meeting. I spent hours poring over the code,
documenting along the way, trying to make sure I had as deep of an understanding as possible before diving
into implementing anything. It was tedious, but at the end of the day it made the actual work easier for me.
The documentation made it easier for other devs to understand it while working in that area of the 
application in the future. I coached the QA team on how it worked, what to expect when looking it, and
where to look when things were going wrong. When I finally got to writing code, I was able to
not only fix up what was needed, but add some additional optimizations and identify areas which justified
follow-up tickets. In the end, the entire team was able to walk away with a lot more knowledge and
understanding of something that was previously a major pain point.

I consider this to be one of my proudest professional achievements because it was, in my mind, one of the
first times I made the step up from being a very green junior developer to something a bit more. I took 
ownership of a feature, established myself as the subject matter expert, and distributed that knowledge 
across several teams. I completed the ticket given to me, but was able to provide additional value to the 
team which would help us greatly in the future. While it wasn't a glamorous achievement, it's something I 
look back on fondly and use to remind myself of the benefits of pushing myself to be the best developer 
and team member that I can be.